In the past 4 years, I've generated $150
million in email marketing [music]
revenue. And in that time, I've learned
a few things about email design and what
actually works in getting people to buy.
However, I've also learned that this is
an area where a lot of brands struggle
because they care a lot more about how
their emails look than how they [music]
actually perform, which can end up
causing them tens of thousands to
hundreds of thousands of dollars in
revenue. But I do not want that to be
you. Which is why in this video, I'm
going to be walking you through exactly
what it takes to create high-converting
email design and what this actually
consists of. We'll also show you some
live examples hopping in Figma, our
email design platform, and show you how
to implement this even into your email
service provider as you wish. Now,
before we dive into building anything,
we need to break down the three parts of
what makes an email convert. And that's
your copywriting, your structure, and
your graphic design. Now, the
copyrightiting of your email is exactly
what you say in your email. It's the
words, your headlines, your call to
actions, your social proof. And while I
wish I could sit here and tell you that
every single person who opens your email
is going to read everything that you put
in your email, but the reality of the
2026 customer is that they're probably
not cuz people don't read emails. They
skim them. Which is why your copy needs
to coincide with your design. It needs
to be scannable all while pushing people
to take action. Now, let me show you
what I mean with an example. So, here's
an example right here from Bite. Here's
the whole email right here. You can see
what it consists of. Pretty cool email.
Now, you can see the copy right here. It
is calling out the customer. What's in
your toothpaste matters? And so it calls
out the pain in the headline, which is
super super important. It also calls out
the customer. And then they
differentiate themselves with the body
copy of we'll never include harsh
chemicals, plastic tubes, or toxic
fillers. And we'll talk about the
structure next, but look at how high up
in this email this button is. It's
literally two quick sentences before it
asks you to take action. That's what we
want. Now, let's get to the rest of the
copy right here. You can see right here
is the biggest block of copy in this
whole email. It's literally one sentence
and every single word packs a punch. And
we can see in the copy choosing three
specific points to sell on. Now, I can
guarantee for a fact that their
toothpaste has more than three
ingredients, but the human brain can
really only take three things at a time.
And so, they simplify it down to this.
They pack a punch and they keep things
just one sentence. So, we can see they
call out the pain and then they go into
a bridge of information. And then they
go into how the worst solution for you
and the benefit of put your care on
autopilot. They check things off right
here. They just always hit on the
benefits and the features, healthier
teeth, cleaner planet, and just super
quick, skimable, easy to read. Call out
the problem, back it up with some punchy
information, and then tie in the product
and give the solution and stack as many
benefits as possible. My favorite thing
to do with copywriting is to literally
copy other brands that are doing a great
job like Bite. You can go into any of
these emails right here and take a look
at some of the copy that they're doing.
We can see one simple headline, is your
phone lying to you? So, we call out the
pain and then we go into just a couple
sentences giving some education, the
first call to action, give a little bit
of information, and then we tie in our
product. It's that simple. Like I said,
the easiest copywriting hack you can
have Chat GPT literally recreate these.
So, I literally gave Chat GPT this email
and I said, "Please transcribe this
email copy." It transcribed the email
copy right here. Then I said, "Can you
please analyze the copy and create a
reusable template?" It then did this,
created a reusable template. And I was
like, "Perfect. Here's my brand." I just
gave it a random brand right here. Um,
and then what I did was I said, "Please
write this email for me following the
exact formula you gave." And then it
asked me about like, "What angle do I
want to do?" I gave it the angle of if
your soap is white and perfect look
looking, it's probably fake. It came up
with that just based off of the
information that I gave it with that
email. And then it asked like what sort
of like positioning? And then I said a
the ancient craft. And here's what it
wrote following that. So, is your soap
too perfect to be real? If your bar is
neon white, has sharp edges, and smells
like tropical breeze, was built in a
lab, not made by human hands. Call to
action. Upgrade to real soap. Captain
Ireland. So then it gives like our
points right here. The pretty soap lie.
For decades, big brand taught you to
trust the look of soap. Perfect color,
glossy finish, artificial fragrance.
That's not craftsmanship. That's
industrial chemical engineering. The
truth they don't tell you. Boom. And
then what real soap looks like at the
black stuff. We make soap this way. Doop
boop boop. Choose the real soap. This is
perfect. Banger. It took me literally 2
minutes to put this together and have
chat GBT do this. I'd probably just go
in and adjust some things and edit it.
But that is what high converting copy
looks like. Notice how we're using
different callouts. We're using
checklists. And everything is short,
quick, and snappy. This is what people
will actually be able to read and buy
from. Now, that brings us to the next
part of a high-converting email, which
is the structure. Very underrated and
not talked about enough. So, your
structure is basically like the
organization of your email. This can be
the difference between somebody
scrolling all the way through the email
and feed and seeing your final call to
action or just opening the email and
leaving right away because attention is
harder than ever to get in 2026 and
beyond. And if your emails are hard to
read, then people will just skip to the
next one. And so, the goal here is to
help people guide their way through the
email to where it feels natural and it
makes clicking the buy button feel like
the obvious next step. Let's walk
through this example. So, here's an
example right here. The main thing that
I want you to notice about the structure
of this email is we have the logo,
headline, some copy, and a button way up
at the top of the email. We do not want
this top button to be all the way down
here. Why is that? Well, a lot of people
aren't going to scroll your email. And
so, for those non-scrollers, we want to
give them the option to click. If
there's no button, then there's zero
chance that somebody's going to click
your email if they're not scrolling. And
so, we want to have everything that a
customer needs to make a decision above
the fold. Right? When somebody opens the
email, it's right there. This is the
structure that we want. So the top
section structure- wise, we want this to
be our elevator pitch. Super quick. And
then we go into our bridge section,
which is the structure, which is the
structural piece where we add more
information and we justify what we say
in the top section. So they said find
your flow. And then this is where we
give more information on how do we help
you find your flow. And then within the
bridge, we have some more structure
right here where we're using
infographics. Notice how it's not blocks
of copy. It's not some big paragraph
with a whole bunch of jargon that
nobody's reading. No, they're using
icons. They're highlighting the specific
ingredients larger and then if somebody
wants to read then there's a little
quick bite of information and the
headline summarizes everything that they
need to know. The next thing structural
wise is you'll notice a button at the
end of every single section cuz what if
somebody scrolled right here and then
they were done. Well, if we didn't have
a button there, then they just leave.
But now that we have a button, they
could click. So, we want to make sure
we're repeating our buttons throughout
the email. And then we go into the final
section with just a little bit more
information. And so it gives like some
further use cases and the benefits of
the product down here again with a
button. And look at how close these
buttons are. This is what I'm talking
about right here. The other thing
structure- wise that I want to make sure
that I call out here is look at how
smooth this email flows. They use
background gradients where they take the
different colors. It starts off with
like blue, then it goes into purple, and
then it goes into like this final
background image. Keeping things smooth
makes a customer not realize that
they're scrolling and then they're going
to scroll without realizing it and see
more of your email. Now, an email like
this from Dr. Squatch. We can see that
they have the same sort of structure of
headline, quick body copy, and a button.
I would like to make this button a lot
bigger. The bigger the email, the more
clicks. And they have a cool product
section down here like with these
callouts, but it's a little bit blocky
if you kind of know what I mean. Now, I
don't mind it specifically in this
instance. They use this sort of
structure and shape right here, but it's
a bit blocky and somebody is going to be
much more likely to fall off after they
reach the end of the section compared to
something like this that just flows. So,
we want to make sure we have an
optimized hero section summarizing
everything with a button up at the top,
anformational infographic in the bridge
justifying your purchase, and then a
final either benefit or product section
down at the bottom with repeated buttons
throughout the email. That's the winning
structure. Now, if you want to design
emails without having to test a whole
bunch of copy and design layouts and
have to test all this stuff and find out
what works, you can book a call with the
first link below. My team has worked
with over 200 7 to9 figure e-commerce
brands and generated $150 million in the
process and we can walk you through all
the design concepts that we would do for
your brand. We handle everything for
you. Strategy, copy, design,
implementation, reporting, all of it.
Want to see if we can help you out? Book
a call below. But either way, we can't
just stop there with copy and structure.
Because this brings us to the last part,
which is the actual design. This is
basically how the email looks and feels
as somebody's going through it. This is
going to help with your overall
branding. It's going to help with your
overall email engagement and just tie
everything together. If you have really
good designs, then people aren't going
to unsubscribe from your emails at a
higher rate. They're going to stay
subscribed. You're going to gain
positive associations, and you're going
to make sales. So again, design is going
to have to do with like your button
sizes, your color choices, your image
choices, how the email flows, and the
branding. While we care a lot more about
conversions, that doesn't mean your
email should look boring or ugly.
Because again, fun, immersive designs
may not convert today, but it keeps
people engaged with your brand and gets
them coming back for more down the line.
So, we need to make sure we have a
combination of both. Here's an example
of how this is executed very well. We
can see right here from Grunes, look at
the winning layout and structure that I
told you before. Headline, a little bit
of information with benefits right here,
and a big old button up at the top. We
love this button. Look at how massive
this is. And then here's the rest of
this. We can see some infographics and
fun stuff down here. But I want you to
take a look at some of these minor
details. Things like the border on this
button in the shadows right here making
it look 3D. We have the border around
this image being this yellow color
making it pop a little bit with the
button. We have the weight of this text
compared to like this one right here.
And the colors throughout making sure
these match right here and then
repeating the green. We have using this
lined text like sort of like call out
and then this infographic right here and
then matching with the button and then
using the design choice of a graph to
engage with people and show them how
tablets compare to gummies which
obviously we want to make the gummies
look better. And then to bring it some
live finishing with some lifestyle
imagery, big buttons throughout and that
is a banger email design. Notice how
it's not like exploding in your face
with crazy colors and all this fancy
stuff. It's just taking the basics and
elevating them. So, if I could summarize
our takeaways from this design, use big
buttons, match colors and accent colors
throughout the email, utilize
infographics, and get creative with the
different sections and the small details
that you're doing. So, at this point,
you know what makes an email convert,
but knowing what works and actually
building it are a completely different
thing. So, we're going to hop over in
Figma and build an email so you can know
how to implement everything that we just
covered. And so, I'm using the app
Figma. It is the best design app. It is
what I would recommend for everybody.
And all you have to do create a file.
You just go to design and then you're
all set. you have this new file right
here. So, I'm just going to name this
YouTube right here because I'm making
this for YouTube. And then now we can
get to creating our email. So, I'm going
to create an email for Butcherbox for
Pets. If you know ButcherBox, meat
delivery service, but they just opened
up a new branch, which is Butcher Box
for Pets, where essentially it's meals
for your dog that are like supernatural
and have really good fresh ingredients.
So, let's create an email for them. I'm
not going to take you through the copy,
just the creating and designing of the
email. So, this is exactly what we want
to do to create our email. We can see
our different features down here inside
of Figma. We can create different
shapes. We have this features of frames
and sections. And we have our text boxes
right here. So, we always want to build
inside of a frame. So, I'm going to
create a frame. We just drag right here
and then create the dimensions of our
email. I always like to do dimensions of
600 width. Then, typically, like for an
email, it's going to be like around like
this long right here. So, we'll adjust
this. It might actually be longer
because this email I'm creating kind of
has a lot of copy. So, it's going to be
a nice challenge. But, I always like to
start off with the layout. and let's
help me visualize this email. So, I'm
going to be going off of something
pretty similar to this email right here
from Grooms. And so, let's recreate this
layout. All right, so I have the email
right here. Now, I'm literally just
going to to help me visualize this and
then start to get the ball rolling. I am
going to just literally label this stuff
inside of here. You can see I dropped a
text box right here. We have all sorts
of different like fun stuff, more
advanced stuff that you can do inside of
Figma. You have the different fonts
right here. And so you can change like
everything right in here. You have this
sort of layout stuff, but honestly, you
don't even need to pay attention to this
stuff if you don't want to. Then we have
like the colors. We have stroke,
different effects you can do. But
honestly, you really don't need to worry
about that when you're starting. So
right here, I am just going to put the
logo. Just name it right here. And then
I'm going to copy and paste. And then
put headline. Make this the updated
size. Maybe make it 30. I'm going to add
body. Copy right here. up. Maybe since
I'm going to be doing an educational
email, so I'm going to make this a
little bit smaller. Body copy. And then
I'll have a CTA, which is the button.
CTA stands for call to action. And
there's kind of like a button right
here, which will center wherever you're
on inside of your frame. So I just
centered it right there. So we have a
CTA. And then we are going to have a
graphic of some sort right in the middle
just for this. And I'm just going to map
out the rest. Okay. So just for
simplicity, I kind of mapped it out
here. We're going to have a headline,
body copy, call to action, graphic, sub
headline right here, and then body copy,
and then I'm going to have an us versus
them infographic here. We're going to do
a CTA, and then the footer. Super
simple, just like that. If you ever get
stuck with designing, just start off
with mapping things out. Just getting
the ball rolling will help your juices
flow a little bit. So, let's get into
adding some of the branding in here.
Okay, so I just imported an image right
here. This is their logo. All that we do
is we're going to drag this and it's
going to put it inside of the frame. And
you can see it'll help you center it
just like this. You'll also notice
inside of Figma, we have the
organization on the left side. So we
have the frame and everything is
organized inside here. So if I move
this, this is grouped inside. You don't
need to worry about crazy organization
right now, but I'm just pointing it out
cuz it's there. So boom. Now we can
start inputting our copy. I'm literally
just going to copy and paste what I
have. So just going to copy and paste
the copy that I have off of my Google
doc. Center this right here. And watch
me insert the rest of this copy. and
then we'll get to formatting. All
righty. So, this is what we have. We
have our button. We have this hero
section and then some of our body copy
right here. So, it says, "Your dog's
custom plan expires tonight. You told us
what your dog needs, their age,
sensitivities, activity level, and we
built a plan just for them, but your 20%
off offer is set to expire while their
food is still waiting to ship. Don't
miss this chance to give them nutrition
design to help them thrive." So, I'm
just going to move this different text
box. These are different text boxes. You
could have it in one text box if you
want, but for some reason, I didn't.
Anyways, this is what we have. And then
we have the call to action right here.
So, let's get ahead and add the
branding. And you'll see even just
adjusting fonts really brings things to
life. So, I'm going to put our font,
which is Monsterat. And then I'm going
to bold this. Actually, that's a little
bit bold. Maybe I'll do semibold right
here. That looks a little bit better.
Then this gets messed up. I'll fix this
in a second. But let's show you how to
create a button. Now, we want our button
to be something like a square or
something. So, all you do is you take a
shape here. Put a rectangle just over
the text right here. And then we can
find our call to action right here,
which is right here. I'm going to
highlight this and then highlight this
as well. And then I'm going to group
these together. So, they're grouped
together right here. And if I wanted to
label this, I could label it as button
one. And then all we have to do is put
the text above the rectangle. And then
boom, right here. All set and good to
go. Now, we can adjust the centering
however we want. Right here. Cool. Looks
great. Now, I'm going to find a graphic
here, and that's going to determine like
the coloring that I use throughout this
email. Now, we're probably going to do
something pretty simple because this is
their website. So, I don't want to get
like a little bit too crazy. Maybe like
one of these beige colors, but we are
going to find an image and then we'll
use that to guide our decision. All
right. So, I found this image, which I
want to use. So, that is what we are
going to use. So, we're probably going
to have to push this down quite a bit.
This might be kind of a long email. So,
I'm just going to do this. Maybe move
this down just so I can have a visual
for later. But what we are going to do
is we are just going to drag this in
right here. Maybe we want to move this
up a little bit. But watch what I'm
going to do here. We have this inside.
I'm going to rightclick, move this to
the back. And now we have this graphic.
And this is why I waited for my image to
figure out what background I'm going to
do. Cuz now what I can do is I can make
this whole background this color cuz
it's going to help the email really
flow. Then have like some sort of image
like this where it's cut off. Maybe we
could do a border like this. But I kind
of want to make the email like have a
smooth background throughout. So I'm
going to take a rectangle and just use
this as the background. Move this to the
back. And then I'm going to adjust the
color. I'm going to use this tool right
here which is going to look at the
colors right here. I'm going to take
this color and then boom. There we go.
So now it looks a lot smoother. The only
problem here is it's going to be a
little bit advanced. But we have
slightly different shades. If you can
kind of see like the difference in
shadings right here, but it generally
looks okay over here. So, what I'm going
to do is I'm going to create a another
box right here, and I'm going to create
a gradient to help these flow together.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to use
this gradient feature. And again, you
don't have to use this, but at the top,
we are going to use the color, which is
right up here. Then, we're going to have
it flow into the color that is at the
bottom that it's having a hard time
blending with. And look at that. And
maybe move this because this side it
didn't look too well. So, I'm going to
do that. And just like adjusting the
side, I'm just holding the command key.
Let's see if that boom. I cannot even
see a difference. That looks good and it
flows perfectly. So, that looks pretty
clean. On their website, they use this
red color for their CTAs. So, I am going
to choose that. Change this to white.
And then boom. I'm going to make a
couple of little edits and I will get
back to you. All right. So, I made a
couple of updates right here. Just fix
some sizing. I added this last chance
because something that we can learn from
this email right here is using accent
colors throughout this yellow. Then
there's yellow right there. I like how
this like flows. And so I wanted to add
like a couple of red pieces of red into
here. So I added this red bar with the
discount code with the button and then
this last chance right here. And it
really helps bring this to life. So I
like it. Let's move on with the rest of
the email. And so we've used this
graphic. Now we need to get to this next
section of sub headline body copy and
then us versus them. And so something
that I'm going to do here, we have this
white background and I'm going to take
inspiration from this email where it has
a consistent background throughout. I'm
going to use the same sort of like
orange beige color right here. And so
what you can do is I can set this whole
background because what we do here is we
look at this frame. We can click on this
frame right here. We can see it's
filling as white. And so I have like
rectangles and this image over here. So
it's not changing that color, but I can
change the full background if I wanted
to. So, if I change it to this color,
then I deleted like this up here, it's
going to have that color right there.
And so, we want to change this to be
roughly the same color right here. But
something also that we can do to help
make this flow better is I added another
gradient, which this is a little bit
advanced, but essentially you can change
like where a gradient takes place like
this. And so if we set something like
all the way like this to make this flow
into like a more set color, then we can
put this right here and then go like
this. And then we can see it's a lot
more smooth. We kind of cover this up a
little bit, but I think that looks fine.
And then we have a consistent color
throughout. So I want to make sure the
text goes over top of this so we can see
it. And boom. Perfect. Let me insert our
next set of copy with a sub headline and
body copy. All right. So here we have
for the copy right here. We have our sub
headline of not all human grade dog food
is created equal. So we summarize one of
our points here. Human grade sounds
premium but it still allows factory
farmed meat, antibiotics, and nutrient
killing heat. We don't cut corners. We
raise the bar. Give your dog more than a
claim. Give them food with integrity.
Boom. So we're really separating us from
our competitors, which goes perfectly
into this us versus them section, which
we're going to do. So I'm going to take
some inspiration from them. And then I'm
going to have us on the left and the
competitors on the right. And we're
going to use these icons. So, I'm going
to copy our logo over here and then put
like an us and then have like a them or
something over here. Then I'm going to
list out all of our points right here.
All right. So, I put in our points over
here. I just have text boxes literally
and it shows like all of our benefits
right here. So, super straightforward.
I'm going to copy and paste this and
then put in the competitor copy. Now, we
have the competitor copy. Now, I
purposefully like decided not to bold
any of their points, but bold our points
to make it super clear. And then I'm
just going to add like them or something
right up at the top here. So, something
as well that I have seen them do and
that we always want to do is show like
the checks for us and then the X's for
the other people. So, my favorite
platform for getting icons is called the
Noun Project. And so, you can literally
look up any sort of icon that you want,
like a check mark right here, and it's
free to download. So, I'm going to find
a check and then an X and put it into
our design. All right, here we are. We
just put this emoji X and then R like
check mark right here. I think it looks
pretty good. I like the structure of
this. I said them most human grade
brands. But this looks a little weird. I
don't love how it flows. So I think I
might for a little bit of depth put
these within some sort of box. And so we
have something like this and then
something like this. So that doesn't
look bad. I like how it stands out a
little bit. I'm going to have to mess
with this a little bit. Maybe to make it
a little bit easier. We can do some
rounded corners. So, if I click on
these, I can add rounded corners by
clicking this corner radius. And then
maybe we can do 20 20 or something. So,
that looks pretty good. We can add a
stroke, which is going to add the
outline right here. Maybe we can make it
a little bit thicker and then make it
stand out. This looks pretty good,
honestly. Just need to center this and
restructure it. All right. So, I messed
around with it a little bit and I think
this looks really clean. We have this
like gray color that I was using before.
And then to kind of like stand out a
little bit, I used this white color
right here. Centered everything. And it
looks super clean. And so, of course, at
the end of our infographic, we need to
repeat our call to action. So, I'm going
to copy and paste this. And we honestly
could put another call to action right
up here, which wouldn't be a terrible
idea. Me move this down. And then maybe
copy and paste this. We could do that,
but maybe I'll delete this for now and
just go back to what we had before.
Looks pretty pretty solid. And honestly,
this is a really solid email. We really
don't need too much more information.
Maybe something that I'd want to do to
bring this to life is maybe show a
picture of our products. So, there is a
picture of our products right here. That
helps bring a little bit of life to it
in some colors. I really don't have any
assets for this brand. And so, this
should do for now. Now, we can just kind
of add our footer. All righty. So, this
is what we ended up doing for the
footer. So, I did the call to action on
their website, which goes to the quiz.
And I did a just like in the footer of
all of our emails. We're going to drive
people to this quiz where they can find
their dog's custom plan. I added this
cool like dog right here. I literally
just got it off the internet and then
just put it in here. I don't know. I
just thought it was funny. We added some
buttons in the footer so that people can
shop other options. And then there's or
go to the website for other options. And
we added some social icons. Pretty
straightforward. I also just like in
order to carry like some of the like
colors and gradients or some of the
accent colors throughout. I added this
section as well. I just didn't like how
this looked on its own just kind of like
floating. So I added this background
sort of like shape. I think it looks
pretty good and I think our email is all
good to go. I'm going to hold command
here to cut this. And we have quite the
serviceable email. And so let's
summarize everything that we got here.
So we have a clear headline right here
with whatever the benefit or the pain
is. And so the pain in this scenario is
your dog's custom plan expires tonight.
We have some quick copy here. Nothing
too crazy. This is a good amount of copy
and so use this sparingly. Then a big
button right up at the top of the email.
The person is probably going to see up
to this point right when they open the
email. So we have a button up at the top
of the email. We have our graphic. We
have the email flowing throughout with
the same color. We carry out this red
sort of theme throughout the email. Use
an infographic calling out us versus our
competitors and bolding those main
points. And then we finish with a final
call to action. And then a footer with
buttons. Pretty banging email. Nice and
simple. It's easy for a customer to kind
of skim this, find our benefits, and
make a purchase. So now you're probably
wondering, okay, how do I send this
email? I'll show you exactly how to send
this email in your email sending
platform. For this example, I'm going to
be using the platform Omnisend. It's a
platform where you can send emails from
and it houses all of your customer data.
You can get 30% off by going to
omnisend.com/max.
And if you want to use this, you can
just sign up here and then you're all
good to go. So when we go into Omnisend,
this is what it looks like. We have all
of our data and our store data right
here. But if we want to send an email,
maybe you're setting up a flow or we're
sending this as a campaign. Let's say
we're sending this as a campaign. I'm
going to go over here to campaigns. And
then we create a campaign and we are
going to create an email. And then we
can enter our subject line, our sender
name, whatever we want to do. We can say
last chance for 20% off. And then our
preheader is going to be our preview
text. And so we can say, "Open for your
last
gift opportunity." And then we can go
into actually creating this email, which
Omnis send has all these templates that
we can use. But hey, we've already
created this email. So we don't need a
template. So really, we just need to
click a random one. We can just use this
template right here. And then we can
upload our email. So I'm going to delete
everything right inside of this email.
And all that we're going to be doing is
we are going to be uploading images. Our
emails are literally just going to be
images that we upload from this
platform. I get a lot of questions on
can you upload just images into your
emails? The answer is yes. I've worked
with over 27 to9 figure brands. All of
them do this. It is 2026. You do not
need to be worried about having text and
HTML in your emails. This is a $200
million a year brand and they use only
images in your in their emails, which
you can see right here, which is an
image. These are all image slices. You
can tell just because you scroll off of
this and it comes off as like images or
these icons. So, please don't worry
about it. Trust me, I know. I've made
$150 million from these image based
emails or my clients have made that
much. And so, all that we need to do is
we just add elements right in here. And
we literally are just going to drag and
drop a ton of images. So, we can drag
some of these. And then maybe just for
sake of time, I'm just going to
duplicate a ton of these. And then boom.
Now, we can slice our email. So, we have
this cool tool in Figma called the slice
tool. And all that you do is you
literally create slices of your email.
So, you slice this and then you can
export it as an image. Now, you might be
wondering, why not just upload a full
image of your whole entire email? Well,
the problem with that is that's going to
be a huge file size and it might take a
while to load in the customer's inbox.
So, at most, we really want it to be
kind of like this size at most. And so,
all we're going to do is I'm going to
make it this size. I'm going to export
on 2x and then download slice. I'm just
going to do one YouTube. And then I'm
just going to copy and paste and then
get the rest of my slices. The only
thing to be aware of is that when people
click on your email, they're clicking on
that whole entire image. And so you can
only have one specific link per image.
What do I mean by that? Say I wanted to
export this whole footer and just export
it and then upload this into my
platform. The problem is that I can this
whole slice right here is just one link
and so I would have it as the take quiz
link. But what if somebody wanted to go
to the about us part of the website?
Well, they click this whole image and I
only have one link. And so we have to
set up different slices with different
links. So what I would do here is this
would be its own slice. So I do six
YouTube. And then this right here, this
is the logo. So I'm going to make this
its own slice. So I'll do 7 YouTube. And
then we're going to have to split on the
sides right here. And we're going to
have to use a table within our Omnisand
platform. But we're going to split right
here. and then do the same. And then
we're going to upload this into our
platform. All right, so we have all of
our slices downloaded. Now, do we just
upload these images into Omnisend? Not
quite. See, these are big file sizes.
They're just large image files, and
they're going to slow pretty low for the
customer. So, we want to compress these
image files. And so, I like going to
this website, I love
img.com/compressimage.
And then we can upload our images, and
it's going to compress the file sizes.
So, I can go in and highlight all of my
images. Upload these in here. Click this
compress button. And look at that. It
just made them 72% smaller from 4.4
megabytes to 1.26. We download this. And
then we have all of our images that we
can upload into Omnisend. So, we go back
into Omnisend. Now, I'm just going to go
into images and upload my images. So,
I've uploaded our images. Now, we I can
select all of these in. And we can see
that there's some padding around this.
And so, I'm going to remove image
padding. Then also you can see there's
like this gap over here on the sides.
And so what we can do here that's just
within this frame and so you kind of
need to click around if you're not used
to this. We can see padding and so it's
added padding around the image. So I
just want to remove all of that and then
we can just adjust the size to make it
the full screen. Now let me upload the
rest of these images. All righty. So we
have our whole email uploaded inside of
here. These are just images. And all
that we have to do now is all we just
need to give the links. And so I would
go to the link that I need to get and
then I just go back into OmniSend and
just paste your link wherever you want
people who click this image to go. You
just put those links in. And also
something that I recommend is adding
some alt text. So essentially if
somebody's image doesn't load, it's
going to show this text instead. So you
can just make it super quick, like
something like your dog's custom plan
expires tonight. It helps a little bit
with deliverability, but honestly, I
haven't really seen an impact. So, it's
kind of optional, but you just go in and
then just fill in whatever the image is.
You can say picture of dog food. Then
after that, once you put everything in,
you are good to go. And you can upload
and send this email. So, you can preview
this email if you want. You can send it
like right here. It says, "Your email
lacks an unsubscribe link." So, they
added one. Perfect. Shout out Omnisend.
So, they added an unsubscribe link in
order for us to be compliant. We can
preview this and then send it to
somebody that we want. We can send it to
our own email. Send a test email just to
double check everything. And then we
could go into save and choose our
recipients, which is super easy, of
course, where we can do all of our
subscribers. We can exclude a segment,
whatever you want. You can create a
specific segment that you want or just
send to all subscribers. Then you can
review your campaign and send it out.
It's literally that easy. Trust me,
sending your emails within your platform
is not as scary as it looks. Just upload
as images, add in your links, and you're
good to go. Now you know exactly how to
design high-converting emails for your
brand. So, I hope you got value from
this video. But that's only one small
part of making money with email
marketing. So, if you want to see the
entire strategy that we used to generate
$500,000 per month for this brand, you
can click this video and learn exactly
the strategies that we used.